Mr. Zhao is the invitation letter of this lady. If there is a problem, I will not let him in.
See clearly
This is the invitation letter for the VIP seat.
Is mine fake too?
This is the famous hostess of Ariantai
You don't know me, do you?
Mr. Zhang is my clumsy
Miss Xu, I happen to have no girlfriend today
I don't know if I can give you a face
Thanks.
Miss Xu
I heard that Ah Jin bought you a precious diamond necklace two days ago.
Why didn't I see you wearing it?
Who is Akin?
Stop pretending, Miss Xu
Zhou Yanjing made me cut off Wang Rongchang's fortune two days ago in the middle of the night
He was willing to pay me 30 million
Later, it was sponsored by 5 million
Just to support you
To be honest, Akin like this makes me feel a little unfamiliar
Then tell me
Akin in your eyes
What's it like?
A Piece of Wood
No women
Just make money
If I hadn't found out that he was secretly helping you
I suspect he is a fairy
I never knew he was trying to help me
You actually solved it by acknowledging the loss yourself.
To solve Wang Rongchang
I'm shy, I didn't want you to wear such a serious dress, so it's so cute
Mr. Zhao is more interesting
You are cuter than me